developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/README.html ->  developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/index.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/_resource_resource_.fetcherror.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/resource_resource.fetcherror.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/_thing_thing_.thingexpectederror.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/thing_thing.thingexpectederror.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/_thing_thing_.validpropertyurlexpectederror.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/thing_thing.validpropertyurlexpectederror.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/_thing_thing_.validthingurlexpectederror.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/thing_thing.validthingurlexpectederror.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/_thing_thing_.validvalueurlexpectederror.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/thing_thing.validvalueurlexpectederror.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_acl_acl_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/acl_acl.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_acl_agent_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/acl_agent.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_acl_class_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/acl_class.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_acl_group_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/acl_group.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_acl_mock_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/acl_mock.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_interfaces_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/interfaces.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_resource_file_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/resource_file.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_resource_mock_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/resource_mock.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_resource_resource_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/resource_resource.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_resource_soliddataset_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/resource_soliddataset.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_resource_nonrdfdata_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/resource_file.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_thing_add_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/thing_add.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_thing_get_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/thing_get.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_thing_mock_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/thing_mock.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_thing_remove_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/thing_remove.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_thing_set_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/thing_set.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/_thing_thing_.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/modules/thing_thing.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/resource/resource.fetcherror.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/resource_resource.fetcherror.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/thing/thing.thingexpectederror.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/thing_thing.thingexpectederror.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/thing/thing.validpropertyurlexpectederror.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/thing_thing.validpropertyurlexpectederror.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/thing/thing.validthingurlexpectederror.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/thing_thing.validthingurlexpectederror.html
developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/thing/thing.validvalueurlexpectederror.html -> developer-tools/api/javascript/solid-client/classes/thing_thing.validvalueurlexpectederror.html
